Direct readers to dotnet try tutorial instead of online exploration (#12975)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/whats-new/csharp-8.md

> [!NOTE]
> This article was last updated for C# 8.0 preview 5.

> The remainder of this article briefly describes these features. Where in-depth articles are available, links to those tutorials and overviews are provided. TYou can explore these features in your environemnt using the `dotnet try` global tool:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The remainder of this article briefly describes these features. Where in-depth articles are available, links to those tutorials and overviews are provided. You can explore these features in your environment using the `dotnet try` global tool:
```

> 1. Install [dotnet-try](https://github.com/dotnet/try/README.md#setup)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install [dotnet-try](https://github.com/dotnet/try/blob/master/README.md#setup)
```
